---
description: >-
  In NetSuite there are many permissions that may be used by the Lyftrondata
  Provider for NetSuite. Permissions may be configured for a role in NetSuite
  under Setup --> Users/Roles --> Manage Roles.
---

# Permission Configurations

This page contains two lists of permissions, first the most commonly required, and then other permissions for fuller support. Please be aware that it is not possible for us to provide an exhaustive list of permissions as NetSuite adds support for new entities and permissions with each version.

## Most Commonly Required:

_Note: Most of the following permissions fall under the Permissions --> Setup section for a role._

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th width="254"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Permission</strong></td><td><strong>Used For</strong></td></tr><tr><td>Access Token Management</td><td>Allows users to create access tokens for Token Based Authentication.</td></tr><tr><td>Custom Fields (VIEW)</td><td>Allows users to see custom fields of the given type. Used with IncludeCustomFieldColumns.</td></tr><tr><td>Custom Lists (VIEW)</td><td>Allows displaying metadata for custom list tables. Used with IncludeCustomListTables.</td></tr><tr><td>Custom Record Types (VIEW)</td><td>Allows displaying metadata for custom record tables. Used with IncludeCustomRecordTables.</td></tr><tr><td>Customer (VIEW)</td><td>This specific permission is under Permissions => Lists. It is used for testing the connection in RESTlets.</td></tr><tr><td>Deleted Records (VIEW)</td><td>Used for retrieving information on deleted records.</td></tr><tr><td>Log in Using Access Tokens</td><td>Allows the user to log in to REST / SOAP services with a token.</td></tr><tr><td>Log in Using OAuth 2.0 Access Tokens</td><td>Access REST web services and RESTlets using OAuth 2.0 access tokens.</td></tr><tr><td>REST Web Services</td><td>All REST requests including when Schema is set to SuiteQL, and support for RESTlets.</td></tr><tr><td>SOAP Web Services</td><td>All SOAP requests including when Schema is set to SuiteTalk (default), test connection, and some requests for custom fields.</td></tr><tr><td>SuiteAnalytics Workbook (VIEW)</td><td>Found under Permissions -> Reports. Required for SuiteQL access.</td></tr><tr><td>Other Custom Fields (VIEW)</td><td>Allows users to see custom fields of the "other" type. Used with IncludeCustomFieldColumns.</td></tr><tr><td>OAuth 2.0 Authorized Applications Management</td><td>Primarily for the Administrator role, enables the user to view or revoke any OAuth 2.0 authorized applications in the account.</td></tr><tr><td>User Access Token</td><td>Allows a user to have tokens created for them via either Token Based Authentication or Using OAuth Authentication.</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Other Permissions:

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th width="189"></th><th></th><th></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Section</strong></td><td><strong>Permission</strong></td><td><strong>Used For (SuiteTalk Schema)</strong></td><td><strong>Used For (SuiteQL Schema)</strong></td></tr><tr><td>Permissions => Custom Record</td><td>[Custom Record Name]</td><td>Access to the given custom record table</td><td>Access to the given custom record table</td></tr><tr><td>Permissions => Lists</td><td>Accounts</td><td>Access to the Account table</td><td>Access to the Account table</td></tr><tr><td>Permissions => Lists</td><td>Bins</td><td>Access to the Bin table</td><td>Access to the Bin table</td></tr><tr><td>Permissions => Lists</td><td>Calendar</td><td>Access to the CalendarEvent table along with the Events permission</td><td>Access to the CalendarEvent table along with the Events permission</td></tr><tr><td>Permissions => Lists</td><td>Cases</td><td>Access to the SupportCase table</td><td>Access to the SupportCase table</td></tr><tr><td>Permissions => Lists</td><td>Classes</td><td>Access to the Classification table</td><td>Access to the Classification table</td></tr><tr><td>Permissions => Lists</td><td>Contacts</td><td>Access to the Contact table</td><td>Access to the Contact table</td></tr><tr><td>Permissions => Lists</td><td>Currency</td><td>Access to the Currency table</td><td>Access to the Currency table</td></tr><tr><td>Permissions => Lists</td><td>Customers</td><td>Access to the Customer table</td><td>Access to the Customer table</td></tr><tr><td>Permissions => Lists</td><td>Departments</td><td>Access to the Department table</td><td>Access to the Department table</td></tr><tr><td>Permissions => Lists</td><td>Documents and Files</td><td>Access to the File and Folder tables</td><td>Access to the File table</td></tr><tr><td>Permissions => Lists</td><td>Employee Record</td><td>Access to the Employee tables</td><td>Access to the Employee table</td></tr><tr><td>Permissions => Lists</td><td>Events</td><td>Access to the CalendarEvent table along with the Calendars permission</td><td>Access to the CalendarEvent table along with the Calendars permission</td></tr></tbody></table>



